what can we observe the id
interesting
during this long weekend of
tiradentes store has a lot to
be able to contemplate in heaven but this part
some interesting objects to be
observed with the naked eye or with a telescope
with mito from 6pm to 9pm around 19
hours as the sun sets horizon
north looked a little up has a
point plus and side this yellowish point
It is the planet Jupiter that is possible
to be watched with the eye on twitter is a
of the planets that we will be able to
observe and with ease during this
The next holiday is not a color
yellow as you said exactly
So play to see in town with
light pollution without light pollution
you can see the naked eye easily
who has the right telescope does not need
be a mega telescope simple telescope
and even with binoculars and put them in the next
to the city
the figure where to watch're right
Jupiter there to deal with the
person who took this photo must have
taken several photos stacked a photo
on the other to achieve these
details of the stripes né de jupiter né
because I want to highlight there is not
itself but these four
dots around him that are the
four galilean moons and calixto europe
and the unimed are both very nice to be
observed with telescope binoculars and
so every hour
if you go observe and suddenly do
a drawing a photographic record you
will notice that the movement of these streets
around jupiter
if you have a telescope you will
already be able to see it until the moons together and
some tracks we already have
You can see right
with the telescope or in some bands and
this red marchinha in the south part and
jupiter effort said not
this is the big big red spot
a huge hurricane observed in 1610
where it is recorded for the first time that the
Galileo Galilei is present today
there are three more aligned lands
or less in length and is very cool
To see this , one must also mention the
next people
suddenly they observe three moons in the
place of four or even two is not
brave because sometimes our
They are after Jupiter, right?
So it's an eclipse. Let's just say it.
you can not get these fights